uCurses

This library gives you the ability to create applications with
a very powerful user interface.  It allows for moving, overlapping
windows and for all characters to be drawn using either a normal
color, a gray scale from 0 to 23 or a full 24 bit RGB color.

The foreground and background color types are independent so you
can have a gray scale background and a RGB foreground for example.

This code can be built with either LLVM or Gcc but IMHO you should
be using LLVM as it is far superior to gcc, specially at optimizing
the code.  If I could force you to use LLVM I could set the
optimization level to -Oz where I would prefer it remain :/

Optimizing this codde for speed is not important, even at -O0 this
code will run perfectly fine so I chose to build it to be as small
as i can possibly make it - that would be with -Oz under LLVM.
Gcc however does not understand this level of optimization so it
is being built with -Os unless you override it.

To build this, from the root of the source tree do

mkdir build
autoreconf -iv
cd build
../configure
make -jXXX
sudo make install

...where xxx is your cpu's core count.

The make install will copy the library files into /usr/local/lib
after which you should be able to build with your applications
with -l uCurses

To build the example cd into the example directory within the
root of the project sources and run a make.  This will produce
a file called u (for u curses).

./u is NOT a good example of what you SHOULD be doing, just a
questionable example of what you CAN do :)

Documentation for how to use this library will be posted here soon.
the example in main.c should help but this is going to be handled
in a much cleaner way in the future (maybe with UI descriptions
in JSON ???)

When running the example code the ESC button exits and the F10 key
toggles the menus and the cursor keys move you around said menus
the ENTER key executes the selected pulldown menu item but do not
expect any of the current menu items to do much :)


